README.md, before:

# DC Supervillains (Updated version)

Updated version of DC Supervillains gallery. This project is a full-stack MERN (MongoDB, Express, React and Node.js) application. It also includes Parallax effects and CSS carousel.

Tools and technologies used:

- React
- JavaScript
- Node.js
- Express
- Axios
- HTML / CSS

---

|                                                          Description                                                          |                       Image                       |
| :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------: |
|                                                   User enters the main page                                                   | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/1.png) |
|                                 User can select a supervillain by clicking the arrow buttons                                  | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/2.png) |
|                                  User can scroll down to view the supervillain's information                                  | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/3.png) |
|                                                  Supervillain overview part                                                   | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/4.png) |
|                                     The card on the right end of the page flips on hover                                      | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/5.png) |
|                                    The card on the right reveals supervillain's Arch-enemy                                    | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/6.png) |
|                                           Each supervillain has his own Arch-enemy                                            | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/7.png) |
| Each supervillain has also different description and super powers. All of these pieces of information are taken from database | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/8.png) |

---

Commit message:

:recycle::fire::pencil2: Heroku link added, empty spaces removed, typos corrected

README.md, after:

# DC Supervillains (Updated version)

Updated version of DC Supervillains gallery. This project is a full-stack MERN (MongoDB, Express, React and Node.js) application. It also includes Parallax effects and CSS carousel.

Tools and technologies used:

- React
- JavaScript
- Node.js
- Express
- Axios
- HTML / CSS

## **Heroku**

This app has been deployed to Heroku:

https://dc-supervillains-mern.herokuapp.com/

---

|                                                          Description                                                          |                       Image                       |
| :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------: |
|                                                   User enters the main page                                                   | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/1.png) |
|                                 User can select a supervillain by clicking the arrow buttons                                  | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/2.png) |
|                                  User can scroll down to view the supervillain's information                                  | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/3.png) |
|                                                  Supervillain overview part                                                   | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/4.png) |
|                                     The card on the right end of the page flips on hover                                      | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/5.png) |
|                                    The card on the right reveals supervillain's Arch-enemy                                    | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/6.png) |
|                                           Each supervillain has his own Arch-enemy                                            | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/7.png) |
| Each supervillain has also different description and super powers. All of these pieces of information are taken from database | ![signin](client/public/images/readme_pics/8.png) |

---
